In the last video we spoke about the need to have some outside file called something like Nat's client
or something similar.
And we should be creating some kind of client inside there and then initializing that client from indexed.
The benefit to this approach is that we can then import that client directly into, say, our ticket
created route handler and not worry about any circular dependencies or anything like that.
Now before we start to write out any implementation, putting this thing together, this Nats client
file is going to be just a little bit confusing.
So I want to give you a quick analogy here, something to just keep in mind as we are putting this file
together that's going to help you really understand what is going on behind the scenes.
Back inside of our indexed file right now, I want to once again point out Mongoose right here.
Take a look and consider how we use mongoose.
We import Mongoose into our index file.
We then call Kinect on it and we pass in some connection settings.
We can then await for that connection to be completed.
After running this code right here, any other file inside of our project can import Mongoose and it
will get a already pre connected, pre initialized version of Mongoose as well.
So for example, our root handler right here, the new root handler to create a ticket, this thing
could import Mongoose at the top.
It doesn't.
We use mongoose technically through the ticket model, but we could technically import Mongoose and
use it to reach directly out to our database without having to worry about initializing any connection
or anything like that.
We want to do something very similar with this Nats client that we are putting together.
So here's what's going on behind the scenes inside of Mongoose.
We are importing mongoose when we import mongoose defined internally.
There's probably some class called Mongoose or something like that.
But you and I never actually work with any kind of class called Mongoose.
Instead we just import mongoose and DA.
We get an instance of the Mongoose library, or in this case, the mongoose class.
So we can import that into indexes.
And inside there we can tell Mongoose to connect to a very specific database.
We can await that connection to be established and so on.
Then we can go to any other file inside of our project.
We can import Mongoose and we get the same object, like the same instance of the Mongoose class.
So that same object is being shared between indexed and our root handler.
So we want to do something identical with all of this Nats client stuff as well.
So we're going to take a very similar approach.
We're going to create inside this Nats client file that we're going to make a class called NATS wrapper.
The goal of this Nats wrapper class is to create and initialize a client from the stand or the Nats
library.
No Nats streaming.
Then rather than exporting the entire class, we're going to create an instance of that class inside
this file and export that instance.
So we will then be able to access the same object, the same instance inside of indexes and inside of
the ticket created route handler.
So just like Mongoose, we can initialize or we will be able to initialize this client from inside of
indexes.
And then by the time our ticket created root handler accesses or imports this thing, the client will
have already been initialized.
So as we start to write this code, I really just want you to keep in mind how Mongoose works.
We are not saying, Hey, create a new instance of a mongoose class or something like that.
We just import mongoose we call connect on it and it seems like everything just works.
Just keep that in mind because we want to have an interface that is very similar to Mongoose.
So with all that having been said, let's start to create this Nats client file.
We're actually going to end up calling this something different.
We're going to call it Nats wrapper.
Just to stay consistent with the class name.
We're probably going to end up renaming both these things.
The only reason we're calling it Nats wrapper right now is to make its purpose just really clear and
obvious for right now as we are writing this code.
All right.
So back over inside my SRC directory in the tickets folder.
I'm going to make a new file called Nats wrapper.
Yes.
So inside of here, we're going to import nets.
And the stan type from node nets streaming.
Then inside of here, we'll create a class called Nats wrapper.
And then at the very bottom right away, I'm going to export a single instance of this thing.
So export counts, nets wrapper is new nets wrapper.
So now we can create a client inside of here.
We can assign it as a property to the class.
And then once we create the instance out of that class, we are going to share the instance around to
all of our different files and we'll be able to say, initialize a client inside.
They're from inside of indexes and access that instance from inside the ticket created root handler.
So again, just keep mongoose in mind.
Okay.
Before we start to work on this implementation, I don't want this video to run too long.
So let's take a quick pause right here.